dad where are we right now in Alaska
there's rain and there's nothing to do
so I'm sure Christie is my sister-in-law
married to my brother over there so I
got a match these alone so you don't
have to get them all but a little bit
and if your batter is thin your pancakes
are gonna be they're gonna be thick so
is how you like them okay dad how much
batter did you put in there there's no
recipe you just put war and you just
stir it now I'd like to see how this is
kind of running Christy puts lemon juice
in hers
dad Christy wants to add her own stuff
to it and back to the butter right now
right there now this is the key to these
pancakes no but what kind of Stover
we're using look oh this is a Viking gas
stove gas is always the best if you have
a gas so Electric's all right but
there's nothing like gas if you want to
cook you cook on gas all the
professional kitchens use gas so I like
gas because this is one of these no
stick pans well there's no such thing as
we all know the stick pan so I use these
little rubber spatulas the problem with
the rubber spatula is it sticks to the
pancake what are you doing there I'm
putting butter on the spatula so that
they won't stick now dad that is a good
tip maybe Paula Deen means that to it
Wow
that's kind of a good idea how's it
going Chris when do you know the pan is
ready I always what Chris what do you
mean how the what does he give you to
use I'm sorry Chris make sure you get
all those lumps out pressures on how big
of a pancake bring the middle he porn
keep porn to keep pouring keep pouring
keep for that's good and then take and
lick it that's a very large pancake Dan
with lots of butter it's a butter cake a
butter cake now when do you know when to
flip it dad who taught you how to make
pancakes trial-and-error sissy Jorge
live
what's all of those bubbles on the side
there
this way the butter cake okay
what are some tips you can give to
pancake makers dad when you're in Alaska
are you ever on a diet my butter cakes
ever since they got here okay
you guys are lacking in commentary still
pancakes still raw
right there okay so if I try to flip it
then the raw stuff sawed off but batter
just one of them okay how do you flip
such a big pancake Oh No maybe there was
enough butter that is a pan then how do
you know when to take it off it only
takes a minute now Chris can you do this
when you get home actually
you don't like to use butter and you
don't have gas
so according today that is a ginormous
pancake Piana
we're gonna eat a pancake gonna be the
first taster and now you got to take a
testing well I like Aunt Jemima all the
butters not melting though
you guys got a taste test hand kit and
look it's not it's not too thick this is
the right it's about less than 1/4 inch
thick
well now you're touching food that you
got to serve to somebody and that is
dad's famous pancake Alaska style thank
you Dad you're welcome Susie thanks
Chris good morning